# Optimizing a Multithreaded Kernel from Scratch for the Zombie Game!

The game is a 2-player real-time arena survival game which takes place on a 16x12 grid-based board where players fight successive hordes of enemies. When the game starts, all units will have a predetermined starting location. Player units are initially depicted visually as green squares (which change to red as you lose health) while enemy units are shown as red squares  (turns black as they lose health). 
Each player may move their unit one space up, left, down, or right one space; Player 1 uses the W, A, S, D keys, while Player 2 uses the I, J, K, L keys respectively. If a player unit is adjacent to an enemy, an attack can be initiated by player 1 pressing the C key and player 2 pressing the N key (3x3). For enemies, they often head towards the nearest player (and deal damage every time they move a tile in a 3x3 range grid); as they move around, they leave behind “pools of poison” on the tiles they previously occupied. While remaining on the tiles, these hazardous zones will damage players if they move on top of them which incentivizes players to navigate around them.
All units in the game possess a finite amount of health (HP) which is reduced whenever units take damage from attacks from the opposing side. Once a player or enemy unit’s HP is reduced to zero, that unit is removed from the board. If all enemies on the board are defeated, then more enemies will (insert if board resets and ask if more enemies are added; also ask if the game ever ends); should all players be defeated, the game will end.
